Mortar prm interface (#1526)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the Lethe project will be documented in this file.
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).

## [Master] - 2024-05-09

### Added

> - MINOR Some of the functions related to the mortar coupling have been refactored, and new functionalities have been added. For instance, the matrix-based solver is able to read 'gmsh' files, and the matrix-free solver is able to read data from the mortar subsection. A new coupling operator has been added. [#1526] (https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/1526)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MINOR Mortar: the matrix-based solver is now able to read 'gmsh' files, and a function to compute the rotor radius and the number of subdivisions at the rotor-stator interface has been added. [#1526] (https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/1526)
```
